you want to see what things like that
show proper too lazy to get up
alright about sunglasses
yeah it was a lot going in there
what are we doing to die going on a long
bus journey to start curry powder what
phone you can run in instead smells back
back to the normal videos I make Jane
Matthias you have done I was bitch who's
that a further Persis person that is
vile Oh should I complain about the
feather yeah what do I say Oh on poor ol
feather Oh what might want to see a
whole words you just want to eat movie
Mitchell II just say excuse me just
point not pull all I want to do is paint
as a pirate okay so I complain about the
chick and I got one written more chicken
no I think it's level asst so I'm fine a
satisfied but I wanted money yeah choose
the subject for your boat apart amongst
the proposed one yeah
now she's just a friend what about the
heart of the cards because we like cards
now position yourself in the screen
won't you all please myself hey what you
do you like this photo it's a memory at
least we're not like that girl oh wow I
really like our room you walk in and you
think has a bed that's right behind the
bed but then when you're sitting on the
bed it's like you're in a little cave
except I see Jade who do goodbye again
what the fuck is that me and Jade side
by side joined by tikiwiki head how to
do hearts again you know the little hot
black hearts Oh doesn't matter anymore
so much joined to that ginger 1 how long
have we been playing this game for do
you think like how many years 10 years
this is a red family nutella very
original because it's brown greece cuz
it's gray and grey and spanish is Greece
and then we both Greece's increase
happening princess tiara which is Jade's
rat why should she go up princess
keyarah Jade here tell me how you feel
sign in no no tell me how you feel oh
god my feet of Bernie just claimed
myself in da she's just been murdering
really hello Jade ok so do you want to
explain what's happened traumatic thing
that's just different he were at a beach
things swimming in the Mediterranean
he wasn't aware that someone was
stealing stuff oh yeah hmm that was real
that was a surprise sports money
heretical mm-hmm what happened was we
came out of our swim in the
Mediterranean Sea which was blissful and
then we get to the car and then Brooks
he freaks out because his shorts are
missing he's like where are my shorts
you lured the blows no and then mum and
Brooks he had gotten a massive are you
make sure they go ahead and put them
anywhere and then she gets into the car
she's like oh we'll just find them when
we get to Cindy's and then she's like
hold on a second where's my bag and I
was like where's my bunk and then they
look we like get out the car search and
both have eyes are gone and in their
bags they had both their phones their
wallets and Roxy's passport which is
just dandy
and those t-shi in the cloth oh yeah the
tissue that I understand that Oh
basically in the glove compartment there
was a bit of tissue left there from
we'll see when they'd had they got rid
of their fingerprints by having the
tissue and they left as a souvenir in
the car so that we knew that there was
no way they can get found it pricks yeah
so we're money this give us money please
donate below this is a charity video you
need to look sad
a day's run in front end go on just run
in Jade just ruined you should run in
beautiful fashion chain keychain or
better wats diet condom cereal fucking
actually looks like your eyes and you're
not mr. bean's eyes no I'm filming ok
hey my future car what did you get from
Ali hot I've got it in my face and are
they that day did that really just look
through the bin